README.md, before:

# DailyQuestApp 🎯

A fun and engaging Android app that provides daily quests and rewards to keep users motivated and entertained. Complete daily challenges, maintain streaks, and earn points while enjoying beautiful animations and a modern user interface.

## ✨ Features

- 🎯 **Daily Quests**: New random challenges every day
- 🔥 **Streak System**: Track your daily completion streak with beautiful animations
- 💰 **Point System**: Earn points for completing quests
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Built with Material Design 3 and Jetpack Compose
- ✨ **Smooth Animations**: Engaging particle effects and transitions
- 🍔 **Menu System**: Clean and customizable side menu
- 🌙 **Daily Reset**: Quests reset at midnight for fresh challenges

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **UI Framework**: Jetpack Compose
- **Design System**: Material Design 3
- **Architecture**: Clean Architecture principles
- **Language**: Kotlin 1.9+
- **Concurrency**: Kotlin Coroutines
- **Build System**: Gradle 8.0+

## 📱 Screenshots

[Coming Soon]

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Android Studio Hedgehog (2023.1.1) or later
- Kotlin 1.9.0 or later
- Android SDK 34 (Android 14)
- Minimum SDK: 28 (Android 9)
- Gradle 8.0 or later

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Gomuro/DailyQuestApp.git
```

2. Open the project in Android Studio

3. Sync project with Gradle files

4. Run the app on your device or emulator

## 🏗️ Architecture

The app follows Clean Architecture principles and is organized into the following components:

- **UI Layer**: Jetpack Compose for declarative UI
- **State Management**: Kotlin StateFlow and Compose State
- **Animation**: Compose Animation APIs
- **Navigation**: Compose Navigation
- **Theme**: Material Design 3 theming system

## 🎮 Features in Detail

### Quest System

- Daily random quest generation
- Quest completion tracking
- Point reward system

### Streak System

- Daily streak counting
- Animated celebration effects
- Streak reset at missed days

### UI/UX

- Particle animations for celebrations
- Smooth transitions
- Responsive design
- Side menu navigation

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues and pull requests.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/) for design system
- [Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose) for modern UI toolkit
- [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) for development environment

Commit message:

docs: add development status disclaimer

README.md, after:

# DailyQuestApp 🎯

> ⚠️ **Development Status**: This app is currently in active development and not ready for public use. The repository is public for demonstration purposes only.

A fun and engaging Android app that provides daily quests and rewards to keep users motivated and entertained. Complete daily challenges, maintain streaks, and earn points while enjoying beautiful animations and a modern user interface.

## ✨ Features

- 🎯 **Daily Quests**: New random challenges every day
- 🔥 **Streak System**: Track your daily completion streak with beautiful animations
- 💰 **Point System**: Earn points for completing quests
- 🎨 **Modern UI**: Built with Material Design 3 and Jetpack Compose
- ✨ **Smooth Animations**: Engaging particle effects and transitions
- 🍔 **Menu System**: Clean and customizable side menu
- 🌙 **Daily Reset**: Quests reset at midnight for fresh challenges

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **UI Framework**: Jetpack Compose
- **Design System**: Material Design 3
- **Architecture**: Clean Architecture principles
- **Language**: Kotlin 1.9+
- **Concurrency**: Kotlin Coroutines
- **Build System**: Gradle 8.0+

## 📱 Screenshots

[Coming Soon]

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Android Studio Hedgehog (2023.1.1) or later
- Kotlin 1.9.0 or later
- Android SDK 34 (Android 14)
- Minimum SDK: 28 (Android 9)
- Gradle 8.0 or later

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Gomuro/DailyQuestApp.git
```

2. Open the project in Android Studio

3. Sync project with Gradle files

4. Run the app on your device or emulator

## 🏗️ Architecture

The app follows Clean Architecture principles and is organized into the following components:

- **UI Layer**: Jetpack Compose for declarative UI
- **State Management**: Kotlin StateFlow and Compose State
- **Animation**: Compose Animation APIs
- **Navigation**: Compose Navigation
- **Theme**: Material Design 3 theming system

## 🎮 Features in Detail

### Quest System

- Daily random quest generation
- Quest completion tracking
- Point reward system

### Streak System

- Daily streak counting
- Animated celebration effects
- Streak reset at missed days

### UI/UX

- Particle animations for celebrations
- Smooth transitions
- Responsive design
- Side menu navigation

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues and pull requests.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/) for design system
- [Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose) for modern UI toolkit
- [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) for development environment
